Updated relref to "Dashboard JSON model:" topic. (#32448)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/provisioning.md

### Reusable Dashboard URLs

> If the dashboard in the json file contains an [uid](../../dashboards/json-model), Grafana will force insert/update on that uid. This allows you to migrate dashboards between Grafana instances and provisioning Grafana from configuration without breaking the URLs given since the new dashboard URL uses the uid as identifier.

Reviewer: Please make the link a relref.

Author: Yikes! Done...

> If the dashboard in the json file contains an [uid](../../dashboards/json-model), Grafana will force insert/update on that uid. This allows you to migrate dashboards between Grafana instances and provisioning Grafana from configuration without breaking the URLs given since the new dashboard URL uses the uid as identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the dashboard in the JSON file contains an [UID](../../dashboards/json-model), Grafana will force insert/update on that UID. This allows you to migrate dashboards between Grafana instances and provisioning Grafana from configuration without breaking the URLs given because the new dashboard URL uses the UID as identifier.
```

> When Grafana starts, it will update/insert all dashboards available in the configured folders. If you modify the file, the dashboard will also be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Grafana starts, it will update/insert all dashboards available in the configured folders. If you modify the file, then the dashboard is also updated.
```

> By default, Grafana will delete dashboards in the database if the file is removed. You can disable this behavior using the `disableDeletion` setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Grafana deletes dashboards in the database if the file is removed. You can disable this behavior using the `disableDeletion` setting.
```
